c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe.config
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.g.resources
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
c:\users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\Firebase.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\mjnht\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TelephoneApp\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_Content.g.cs
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe.config
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.g.resources
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
F:\Document\LearnVue\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.g.resources
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.exe
C:\Users\Totoro\Desktop\barg\AppDienThoaiVien\TelephoneApp\obj\Debug\TelephoneApp.pdb
